Semantics on top of profiles (#115)
WebAssembly/relaxed-simd: document/core/appendix/changes.rst

Since the original release 1.0 of the WebAssembly specification, a number of proposals for extensions have been integrated.
The following sections provide an overview of what has changed.

> Release 2.1

Reviewer: Can you move this after the 2.0 section?

~~~~~~~~~~~

> .. index:: instruction, SIMD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. index:: instruction, vector instruction, SIMD
```

Relaxed vector instructions
...........................

> Added new relaxed vector instructions, which are vector instructions whose results are host-dependent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added new relaxed vector instructions, which are vector instructions whose behaviour is host-dependent.
```
